Bachelor of communication expressive
arts is the study of theatre creative
writing and media practice it's unique
not only in New Zealand but also the
world has taught and state-of-the-art
facilities by award-winning lecturers
and combined with business to develop
skills relevant to many more careers
it's all about encouraging students like
me to create social change and
innovative ways hi I'm crystal and I'm
Olivia sorry both studied expressive
arts at Vassar University were each
heading down very different pathway as
an event manager for internet New
Zealand I run dynamic events applying
dramatic tools that I learned through
expressive arts every step of the way
people are central to avails a my
ability to interact with everyone from
politicians to caterers and from
different communities and cultures is
key to my success for me
expressive arts is not only about
understanding how I appear to others but
how others appear to me at over my eyes
the importance of being empathetic
present and reading people for who they
are not what their title is my knowledge
of theatre helps me with public speaking
I'm also able to choose venues and
create interesting interactive event
programs that consider the needs of the
audience and will bring out the best in
everyone as the online Sales Coordinator
for real surf I have developed the
website and use my marketing and
creative writing skills to bring the
content to life for me expressive arts
is all about storytelling I aim to get a
post grade Diploma in art therapy so
that I can use my knowledge to help
others bring these stories to life after
volunteering with the a go trap where I
work with nonverbal patients
I thought just how amazing expect masses
the joy that these patients had being
able to express themself through our
performance was incredible and now see
you get the best of both worlds you can
work with renowned creative industry
professionals and learn skills like
marketing and communication management's
so follow your head and your heart
compete with the best with a degree in
expressive art NSE